The things you own end up owning you. 
I'm sorry Dave, I'm afraid I can't do that.
Ken, I grew up in Dublin. I love Dublin. If I grew up on a farm, and was retarded, Bruges might impress me but I didn't, so it doesn't. 
I don't remember a time when I didn't want to be a police officer... apart from the summer of 1979 when I wanted to be Kermit the Frog.
We can't stop here! This is bat country!
Boy, that escalated quickly... I mean, that really got out of hand fast. 
The Dude abides. I don't know about you but I take comfort in that. 
All dinosaurs fear the Trex
A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti. 
I was a ghost. I didn't see anyone. No one saw me. I was the barber.
Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the War Room. 
Remember, remember, the fifth of November.
Okay. I'm going to be honest with you guys. I love your style. I think this marketing idea is fantastic! The... the black one-eyed slightly monstrous cop and the dying, apathetic guy.
Do you know what "nemesis" means?
I hope that when the world comes to an end, I can breathe a sigh of relief, because there will be so much to look forward to. 
There's some mistake. I'm not a member of the Columbian Record Club. 
If you'll excuse me, I gotta go home and have a heart attack. 
You're not an asshole, Mark. You're just trying so hard to be. 
Perhaps the only difference between me and other people was that I've always demanded more from the sunset.
There is no spoon. 
What's it gonna be Kyle? You have to decide... Tits... or Destiny. 
Trex doesn't want to be fed. He wants to hunt. Can't just suppress 65 million years of gut instinct. 
Here's what's going to happen. I'm gonna read this, and you're gonna listen, and you're gonna stay on the line.
Never compromise. Not even in the face of Armageddon. That's always been the difference between us, Daniel. 
Well, a guy who dresses up like a bat clearly has issues. 
I don't remember askin' you a Goddamn thing! You were saying? 
Hey Joe, you want me to shoot this guy? 
You see, that's the whole point of being the government. If you don't like something you simply make up a new law that makes it illegal.
There's no right, there's no wrong, there's only popular opinion. 
It's a Mr. Death, dear. He's here about the reaping. 
The first rule of Zombieland: Cardio. When the zombie outbreak first hit, the first to go, for obvious reasons... were the fatties. 
My name is Lt. Aldo Raine and I'm putting together a special team, and I need me eight soldiers.
Memory can change the shape of a room; it can change the color of a car. And memories can be distorted. 
I just don't think I can continue to live in a place that embraces and nurtures apathy as if it was virtue. 
Today, you people are no longer maggots. Today, you are Marines. You're part of a brotherhood. 
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he did not exist. And like that... he is gone. 
Like maybe your brain invented me to distract you from the fact that eventually your eyes are gonna stop blinking and your mouth will stop chewing and your blood will stop pumping and then you're gonna shit yourself.
Chaos is order yet undeciphered. 
It's simple. We, uh, kill the Batman. 
Mankind was born on Earth. It was never meant to die here. 
If my calculations are correct, when this baby hits 88 miles per hour... you're gonna see some serious shit. 
No hay banda! There is no band! Il n'est pas de orquestra! This is all... a tape-recording.
Discovering the object of the game "is" the object of the game.
I remember some... horrible dream about... smothering? I don't know... Anyway, where are we? 
You've been up here too long man. You've lost your marbles. 
I am the devil, and I am here to do the devil's work. 
This is blood for blood and by the gallons. These are the old days man, the bad days, the all-or-nothing days. They're back! 
Remember, there is no "I" in "Team America". 
The reason I'm in town, in case you're wondering, is because of a Kansas City Shuffle. 
Rosebud... 
